docs: Add output_format to processing pipelines spec (#21)
Unstructured-IO/community: Pipelines-and-APIs.md

Alternatively, binary `files` may be posted instead of plain text `text_files`.

> Optional parameters like `output_type` are specified by including them as kwargs in the function signature for `pipeline_api`. They can be passed no matter which parameter is used to send in the file.

Reviewer: I think this sentence can be deleted actually since response_type / output_format is addressed below.

)
```

> The caller may also request the content type of the HTTP response through a `output_format` parameter when multiple files are being posted to the api, and the `Accept` header should be set to `multipart/mixed`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple files are posted to the API, the caller may request the content type (per file within a multipart/mixed response) with the `output_format` parameter. In this case, the `Accept` header must be set to `multipart/mixed`, for example:
```

```bash
curl -X 'POST' \
  'https://<hostname>/<api-path>' \
  -H 'Accept: multipart/mixed' \
  -H 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' \
  -F 'text_files=@my-cool-file.txt' \
  -F 'text_files=@my-cool-other-file.txt' \
  -F 'output_schema=labelstudio' \
  -F 'output_format=text/csv'
```

or in Python using `requests` as follows:

```python
import requests

response = requests.post(
  "https://<hostname>/<api-path>",
  files={
    "text_files": [
      open("my-cool-file.txt", "rb"),
      open("my-other-cool-file.txt", "rb"),
    ],
    "output_schema": "labelstudio",
    "output_format": "text/csv",
  },
  headers={"Accept": "multipart/mixed"},
)
```

### API Outputs

> By default, an API endpoint returns initial structured data (ISD) as `application/json`. The pipeline can specify the content type by including a `response_class` kwarg in the `pipeline_api` function. The schema of the response may be further defined by the `output_schema` parameter, i.e. multiple json schemas may be supported. The ISD schema in Python is a list of dictionaries with at least the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, an API endpoint returns initial structured data (ISD) as `application/json`. As previously mentioned, a `text/csv` could instead be requested if the `pipeline_api` defines the `response_type`. In addition, other schemas for a given content type may be requested through the use of the `output_schema` parameter. I.e., multiple json schemas may be supported for a given API. The ISD schema in Python is a list of dictionaries with at least the following fields:
```

The `unstructured_api_tools` repo houses the logic for converting pipeline notebooks to scripts.

> Executing `make generate-api` from the root directory of the repo to generate the HTTP APIs, i.e. creates prepline_<family_name>/api/<api_name>.py files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing `make generate-api` from the root directory of the repo generates the HTTP APIs, i.e. creates prepline_<family_name>/api/<api_name>.py files.
```
